Use a more descriptive channel name for the resampler (#1007)
frequenz-floss/frequenz-sdk-python: RELEASE_NOTES.md

- Classes `Bounds` and `SystemBounds` now implement the `__contains__` method, allowing the use of the `in` operator to check whether a value falls within the bounds or not.

## Enhancements

> - The resampler now shows a error message where it is easier to identify the compnent and metric when it can't find relevant data for the current resampling window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The resampler now shows an error message where it is easier to identify the component and metric when it can't find relevant data for the current resampling window.
```
